chore: release notes 1.29 (#19497)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/release-notes-js.md

toc_max_heading_level: 2
---

## Version 1.29

### New APIs

- New method [`method: Route.fetch`] and new option `json` for [`method: Route.fulfill`]:

    ```js
    await page.route('**/api/settings', async route => {
      // Fetch original settings.
      const response = await route.fetch();

      // Force settings theme to a predefined value.
      const json = await response.json();
      json.theme = 'Solorized';

      // Fulfill with modified data.
      await route.fulfill({ json });
    });
    ```

> - New method [`method: Locator.all`] to iterate over lists:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New method [`method: Locator.all`] to iterate over all elements with the matching selector:
```
